wwwroot\assets\css\404\404.css
wwwroot\assets\css\about\about.css
wwwroot\assets\css\blog\blog.css
wwwroot\assets\css\blogdetail\blogdetail.css
wwwroot\assets\css\common\animate.css
wwwroot\assets\css\common\bootstrap.min.css
wwwroot\assets\css\common\magnific-popup.css
wwwroot\assets\css\common\mousecursor.css
wwwroot\assets\css\common\slicknav.min.css
wwwroot\assets\css\common\swiper-bundle.min.css
wwwroot\assets\css\contact\contact.css
wwwroot\assets\css\faqs\faqs.css
wwwroot\assets\css\home\home.css
wwwroot\assets\css\menu\menu.css
wwwroot\assets\css\reservation\reservation.css
wwwroot\assets\css\team\team.css
wwwroot\assets\images\common\404.png
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a1.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a2.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a3.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a33.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a4.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a5.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a55.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\a6.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\aaa.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\adam.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\adam2.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\adam3.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\adam4.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\address.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\americano.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\asdfghjk.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\assa.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\asterisk-icon.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\avacado.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\AYDAN.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\background  necese.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\backgrounddd.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\backkkk.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\bdc4dcd1-78ce-4edf-991c-2ebef52b9937.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\blue.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\bruschetta.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Caprese Sandwich.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\celebrate.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\chef.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\chefss.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\clock.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\club sandwiche.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\club.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\clubbb.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\coffee deneleri.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\coffeshop.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\coffeshop1234.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Cold Brew.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\d9d51af4fbf8f0e78bbca1a7fbb860f1.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\dadaas.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\dd.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\ddd.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\deneler.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\dessert.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\espresso.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\f.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\favicon-16x16.png
wwwroot\assets\images\common\fet.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\ff.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\footer.looggoooo.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\footer-bg-image.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\frees.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\g.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Gelato.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\gf.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Giorgio Milos.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\h.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\header-sidebar-btn.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\helloo.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hero-bg.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hero-bg-2.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hetttetetete.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hhh.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hhhhhhhhhhh.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hk.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hot coffee back.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hottt.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\hotttttttt.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\howww.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icead latte.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Iced Americano.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Iced Caramel Macchiato.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Iced Mocha.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\iceddd.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-location.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-location-accent.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-mail.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-mail-accent (1).svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-mail-accent.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-phone.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-phone-accent.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-story-1.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-story-2.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\icon-story-3.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\image.png
wwwroot\assets\images\common\interactive-process-image-3.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\interactive-process-image-4 (1).jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\intro 4.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\intro1.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\intro2.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\italian chefs.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\j.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\ji.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\jj.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\kk.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\kofe.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\kofee.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\krivetka.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\lalal.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\latte.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\lemonad.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\ll.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\loader (1).svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\logo.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Macchiato.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\manager.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\manager2.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\MANAGER3.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\managerr.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\milkshake.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Mocha.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\nenene.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\phone.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\qqqq.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\qr.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Quiche.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Ricotta Cheesecake.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\rrrrrrrrrrrrr.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\rrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\salam.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\salamamamamama.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\salammm.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\salamqwertyuiop.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\sandwich.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\sasa.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Screenshot 2025-05-19 081741.png
wwwroot\assets\images\common\SDRFTY.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\sfegdrft.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\ssss.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\sssssss.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\tiramisu.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Tisane.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\tomatoo.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\uiuiuiu.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Waffle.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\common\Zabaglione.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\all menyu.png
wwwroot\assets\images\home\all.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\customer.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\customer2.jpg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\favicon-32x32.png
wwwroot\assets\images\home\icon-about-body-item-1.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\icon-about-body-item-2.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\icon-sub-heading.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\icon-why-choose-2.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\sadada.png
wwwroot\assets\images\home\why 2.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\why 3.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\why 4.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\why 5.svg
wwwroot\assets\images\home\why 6.svg
wwwroot\assets\js\404\404.js
wwwroot\assets\js\about\about.js
wwwroot\assets\js\blog\blog.js
wwwroot\assets\js\blogdetail\blogdetail.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\gsap.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\isotope.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\jquery.counterup.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\jquery.magnific-popup.min copy.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\jquery.magnific-popup.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\jquery.mb.YTPlayer.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\jquery.slicknav.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\jquery.waypoints.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\jquery-3.7.1.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\magiccursor.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\parallaxie.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\ScrollTrigger.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\SmoothScroll.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\SplitText.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\swiper-bundle.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\validator.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\common\wow.min.js
wwwroot\assets\js\contact\contact.js
wwwroot\assets\js\faqs\faq.js
wwwroot\assets\js\home\home.js
wwwroot\assets\js\menu\menu.js
wwwroot\assets\js\reservation\reservation.js
wwwroot\assets\js\team\team.js
wwwroot\assets\videos\latte.jpg
wwwroot\assets\videos\videoframe_3275.png
wwwroot\assets\videos\WhatsApp Video 2025-05-20 at 06.56.31.mp4
wwwroot\assets\videos\WhatsApp Video 2025-05-21 at 06.26.16.mp4
wwwroot\uploads\sliders\5f6f29b0-ab13-4ff6-9c26-3670ff9967ac_inek - Copy.jpg
